Update release instructions (#83)
apache/arrow-datafusion-python: dev/release/README.md

# DataFusion Python Release Process

## Preparing a Release Candidate

### Tag the Repository

```bash
git tag 0.7.0-rc1
git push apache 0.7.0-rc1
```

### Publish Python Wheels to testpypi

Pushing an rc tag to master will cause a GitHub Workflow to run that will build the Python wheels.

Go to https://github.com/apache/arrow-datafusion-python/actions and look for an action named "Python Release Build"
that has run against the pushed tag.

Click on the action and scroll down to the bottom of the page titled "Artifacts". Download `dist.zip`.

> Upload the wheels to testpypi.

Reviewer: I think it might be helpful for people with less experience to also include the twine config here (with redacting the credentials) since `--repository=testpypi` is a config-specific thing.

+1

[1]: https://github.com/apache/arrow-datafusion-python/tree/bd1b78b6d444b7ab172c6aec23fa58c842a592d7
[2]: https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/arrow/apache-arrow-datafusion-python-0.7.0-rc2
[3]: https://github.com/apache/arrow-datafusion-python/blob/bd1b78b6d444b7ab172c6aec23fa58c842a592d7/CHANGELOG.md
[4]: https://test.pypi.org/project/datafusion/0.7.0/
```

Create a draft email using this content, but do not send until after completing the next step.

### Create Python Source Distribution

Download the source tarball created in the previous step, untar it, and run:

```bash
python3 -m build
```

This will create a file named `dist/datafusion-0.7.0.tar.gz`. Upload this to testpypi:

```bash
python3 -m twine upload --repository testpypi dist/datafusion-0.7.0.tar.gz
```

### Send the Email

Send the email to start the vote.

## Verifying a Release

```bash
pip install --extra-index-url https://test.pypi.org/simple/ datafusion==0.7.0
```

## Publishing a Release

### Publishing Apache Source Release

Once the vote passes, we can publish the release.

Create the source release tarball:

```bash
./dev/release-tarball.sh 0.7.0 1
```

### Publishing Python Artifacts

> Download the artifacts from testpypi and re-publish on PyPi using twine.

Reviewer: Should we also add the command for this?

````suggestion
Go to the Test PyPI page of Datafusion, and download  [all published artifacts](https://test.pypi.org/project/datafusion/#files) under `dist-release/` directory. Then proceed uploading them using `twine`:

```py
twine upload --repository pypi dist-release/*
```
````
